Some books are tried, others devoured, very few chewed and digested.&Sir Francis Bacon.
Where books are burned, men are burned.&Heinrich Heine.
Before certain books, one wonders: who will read them? And before certain people one wonders: what will they read? And finally, books and people meet.&André Gide.
Lacking your own books is the height of misery.&Benjamin Franklin.
When I hear that a man has the habit of reading, I am predisposed to think well of him.&Nicolás de Avellaneda.
When we pray we speak to God, but when we read it is God who speaks to us.&Saint Augustine.
Of the various instruments invented by man, the most amazing is the book; all the others are extensions of his body ... Only the book is an extension of the imagination and memory.&Jorge Luis Borges.
Study has been for me the main remedy against life's worries; never having had a displeasure that did not happen to me after an hour of reading.&Montesquieu.
The book is strength, it is value, it is strength, it is food; torch of thought and source of love.&Rubén Darío.
He who reads a lot and walks a lot, sees a lot and knows a lot.&Miguel de Cervantes.
The gift of a book, in addition to a gift, is a delicate compliment.&Anonymous.
On many occasions reading a book has made a man's fortune, deciding the course of his life.&Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Eroticism and poetry: the first is a metaphor for sexuality, the second an eroticization of language.&Octavio Paz.
Making bad verses brings more happiness than reading the most beautiful verses.&Hermann Hesse.
Reading a good book is an incessant dialogue in which the book speaks and the soul answers.&André Maurois.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.&Joseph Addison.
Reading does not give man wisdom; gives you knowledge.&William Somerset Maugham.
Reading gives us a lot of company, freedom to be different and be more.&Pedro Laín Entralgo.
Literature is the art of the word.&Manuel Gayol Fernández.
Literature is always an expedition to the truth.&Franz Kafka.
The most noble function of a writer is to give testimony, as a notarized act and as a faithful chronicler, of the time he has had to live.&Camilo José Cela.
The pen is the language of the soul.&Miguel de Cervantes.
Poetry does not want followers, it wants lovers.&Federico García Lorca.
Read and you will drive, do not read and you will be led.&Saint Teresa of Jesus.
Reading a book teaches more than talking to its author, because the author, in the book, has only put his best thoughts.&René Descartes.
Books have not been made to serve as decoration: however, there is nothing that beautifies as much as they do inside the home.&Harriet Beecher Stowe.
The books that the world calls immoral are those that show their own shame.&Oscar Wilde.
Books are friends who never disappoint.&Thomas Carlyle.
The books are the best viaticum I have found for this human journey.&Michel Eyquem de Montaigne.
Books are the bees that carry pollen from one intelligence to another.&James Russell Lowell.
Books are among my advisers the ones that I like the most, because neither fear nor hope prevent them from telling me what to do.&Alfonso V the Magnanimous.
A home without books is like a body without a soul.&Cicero.